Jennifer Lopez, by Rod Smith. Penguin Readers, Level
1. Jennifer Lopez. She can dance. She
can sing. She is a smart business woman.
She is beautiful and she is Hollywood's number
1 Latina Movie Star. But the story of
Jennifer Lopez starts in New York. Young Jennifer.
It
is July 24, 1970. A hot summer day
in the Bronx, New York. A lot of
Puerto Rican people live
here and they are not all happy. But
it is a good day for David and
Guadalupe Lopez and their
daughters Linda and Leslie. They are happy because
they have a new little girl in the
family. They
hold. She performs for the family. Sometimes she
is a singer. Sometimes she is a dancer
or a movie
star. She loves the movie West Side Story.
She watches it 100 times. In West Side
Story,
Rita Moreno plays Anita. For Jennifer, Rita is
America's number 1 actress and dancer. I'd like
to be
her, Jennifer thinks. At 5, Jennifer goes to
a school of theater and dance. In a
short time,
she can sing, act and dance very well.
But is this important? David and Guadalupe ask.
They have
good jobs. They want to see Jennifer in
a good job too. For this, schoolwork is
very important.
Jennifer the dancer. In 1975, Jennifer goes to
the Holy Family Catholic School in New York.
It is a
good school and she is a good student.
But in 1983, the problems start. Now, schoolwork
is not very
important to Jennifer. She wants to be a
performer. One day, in 1988, she says, I
want to stop going to
school. David and Guadalupe are angry. Jennifer is
angry with them too. She walks out of
the house.
Jennifer lives in her dance school for a
short time. Then she moves into an apartment
in Manhattan
with some friends. She dances in the school
every day. She works well. Then, she starts
to look for a
first. She gets a job in the theater
show Golden Musicals of Broadway. The show goes
to Europe.
Then, after five months, she gets a job
in a new show, Synchronicity. This show goes
to Japan.
In 1991, Jennifer is back in the U
.S. She is a very good dancer now
and she is beautiful too.
A lot of famous singers want the young
dancer for their short music movies. Jennifer dances
behind the
singer Janet Jackson. This helps her and she
meets important people in the movie business.
There are no problems with her family now.
She has work and she is a success.
She has a boyfriend too,
David Cruz. Later that year, Jennifer moves to
Los Angeles for the famous TV show
In Living Color. Jennifer is a dancer in
the show but she is not always happy
in her job.
She wants to be an actress.
Jennifer the actress. The head of the TV
show South Central likes Jennifer's work.
In 1993, he wants an actress for the
show. He gives the job to Jennifer. After
South Central,
Jennifer works in three new TV shows. Second
Chances, Malibu Road, and Nurses on the Line,
The Crash of Flight 7. Jennifer is now
a famous TV star.
Then, in 1995, she is in her first
Hollywood movie Me Familia.
Me Familia is a Latin movie. Her first
English movies are Money Train and Jack.
In Money Train, Jennifer is Grace Santiago, a
New York police woman.
Wesley Snipes and Woody Harrelson play two brothers.
They work for the police too.
The two men love Grace. The movie is
about their problems.
Jack is a funny movie. Robin Williams plays
a boy, Jack.
People look at Jack and think, he's not
a boy, he's a man. Jennifer plays Jack's
teacher.
In her movies, Jennifer is in love stories
with famous men. Her boyfriend, David, is unhappy
about
this, and he goes back to New York.
Jennifer is unhappy too. But then, she finds
a new boyfriend.
His name is Ohane Noah, and he is
from Cuba. She marries him in 1997.
In the same year, Jennifer is in four
movies. The first movie is Blood and Wine,
with two very famous actors, Jack Nicholson and
Michael Caine. The movie is about two bad
men,
Alex Gates and Victor Spansky. Jennifer is Gabriella,
Alex's girlfriend.
After Blood and Wine, Jennifer is in the
movies Anaconda, U-turn and Selena. The movies
are a
success in the U.S. but Selena is
a success in Latin countries too. In Selena,
Jennifer plays
Selena Quinta Nia, the famous Mexican singer. It
is an unhappy story because the singer's life
was very short. Selena's father gives money for
the movie. The director is Gregory Nava.
Jennifer works on the movie in front of
Selena's family. This is difficult, but the family
likes
Jennifer, and the movie teaches people about their
daughter. This makes Jennifer happy
because she liked Selena. Selena is a big
success in many countries. Suddenly,
Jennifer Lopez is not only a famous name
in the U.S.
The year 1998 arrives. Jennifer is happy, but
she can't take a vacation. She is in
two movies
that year, Out of Sight and Ants. In
Out of Sight, Jennifer is Karen Sisko, a
police woman.
George Clooney is Jack Foley. Foley takes money
from a bank. He gets away from the
police
and takes Karen with him. The story is
about their love. Ants is a movie for
children.
We hear Jennifer, but we don't see her
face.
Men and Movies
Jennifer's 1998 movies are a big success, but
O'Hane isn't happy. He and David have
the same problem.
They don't like to see Jennifer with men
in love stories. O'Hane moves away.
Later, he and Jennifer divorce, but they meet
often and they are good friends.
In 1999, Jennifer has a new boyfriend. His
name is Sean Coombs. He is a famous
black singer.
On December 27, 1999, Sean and Jennifer come
out of a dance bar and get in
their car.
The police stop them. They find a gun
in the front of the car. The gun
is not Sean's,
but the police take him away. Jennifer is
in the back of the car. It is
not her problem.
The story is in the newspapers. Early in
2000, Jennifer stops seeing Sean.
In that year, she makes the movie The
Cell. Jennifer plays Catherine Dean, a doctor.
Vincent D'Onofrio plays Carl, a bad man.
He takes a young girl, but where is
she?
In 2001, Jennifer stars in The Wedding Planner.
This is a funny movie and a love
story.
Jennifer plays Maria Fiore. Maria falls in love
with Steve Edison, a doctor.
The Wedding Planner is the number one movie
of 2001. In the same year, Jennifer marries
Chris Judd,
a dancer, but they divorce in August 2002.
Jennifer stars in Two Thrillers, Angel Eyes,
and Enough. Then she is in Made in
Manhattan, a love story.
Jennifer starts going out with the actor Ben
Affleck. In 2003, they star in the movie
Glee.
A lot of newspapers don't like the movie,
but Glee makes money.
Are Ben and Jennifer going to marry? People
ask. The answer is no. Jennifer's love story
finishes in September.
But in 2004, Ben and Jennifer act in
Jersey Girl, the story of a father and
his little girl.
Jennifer is not the star of that movie.
After Jersey Girl comes Shall We Dance with
Richard Geer.
It is a love story about a dance
teacher and her student. Jennifer sings for it
with her friend,
Mark Anthony. Some people are unhappy about Jennifer's
movies at this time. Jennifer doesn't act well,
and the stories aren't interesting, they say. But
2004 is a good year for Jennifer.
She falls in love with Mark. Jennifer and
Mark marry, and they are very happy.
After the movie's Monster in Law, An Unfinished
Life, and Border Town,
Jennifer and Mark star in El Cantante. Mark
plays the famous Puerto Rican singer, Hector Lavo.
Lavo married Pucci, and Jennifer plays her. Jennifer
the singer. Music was always important to
Jennifer. Today, the famous actress is a famous
singer too. Jennifer's music success story starts
in 1999. In that year, she makes On
The Six. It is her first music CD.
The name comes from the
station near her home in New York. On
the CD, she sings No Meyames with Mark
Anthony.
She sings in English too, but the music
is Latin. After only five weeks, if you
had my love,
from the same CD is number one in
the US. The success of Jennifer the singer
doesn't stop.
In 2001, her CD JLo is again number
one in the US. She is the first
singer actress with a CD
and a movie, The Wedding Planner, at number
one in the same week.
In 2002, Jennifer makes two music CDs. The
first CD of that year is J to
the L.O. the remixes.
It gets to number one too. After that,
this is me then gets to number two.
Jennifer's CD Rebirth arrives in 2005. It gets
to number two in the US. Then Jennifer
makes her
CD. It is in Spanish. A lot of
Latin people love this CD and it is
number one in Mexico.
In September 2007, Jennifer's CD Brave arrives. It
doesn't have the same success and only gets
to number 12 in the US.
Success in Business Jennifer Lopez is not only
an actress. She is not only a dancer
and she is not only a singer. She
has success in the fashion business too.
This starts in 2001. After the success of
The Wedding Planner, Jennifer opens a closed business
with Andy Hilfiger. Andy is the brother of
fashion's famous Tommy Hilfiger. They call their business
Sweetface. There aren't many clothes for big women
but this isn't a problem with Sweetface.
Jennifer starts JLo too. From JLo, women can
buy clothes and perfume too. In a very
short time,
Jennifer's clothes are famous and her perfume Glow
is number one.
But some people are angry about Jennifer's business.
Some of her clothes come from dead animals,
they say. That's not right. Jennifer listens because
she likes animals. Today, those people are happy.
Jennifer is in the food business too. In
April 2002, she opens a place in Pasadena,
California.
Jennifer calls it Madres. Madre is mother in
Spanish. The food there is the Cuban food
of her mother's family.
For the children. Children are important to Jennifer.
She does a lot of charity work
for sick children and she helps families with
very little money. These are important to Mark
too.
Today, Jennifer Lopez and Mark Anthony are famous
for their charity work.
One night in May 2007, the two stars
are in New York with the famous singer
Paul Simon.
They ask people for money for sick children.
The night is a big success. People give
a lot of money to the charity.
And now, Jennifer and Mark have children too.
Jennifer's friends and family are very happy for
them.
For Jennifer, children are very important. This time
is important too. It is a quiet time.
For now, work comes after family. Jennifer Lopez,
the star with many faces. She's a dancer,
a singer, an actress, a business woman, and
she helps unhappy children and families.
Jennifer Lopez does all of these jobs very
well. In the 1990s, Jennifer Lopez was the
number one
actress and dancer in the US. Today, she
is famous for many things in many countries.
From Asia to America, people ask, who is
our number one Latina? The answer is always
the same.
Jennifer Lopez, of course.